Opening scene

At home with Amy. Everything fine with syrupy love. Want
to google for proposal ring. The search engine has a disclaimer
popup saying it has been updated to use automatic suggestion from
searches done in your geographical neighborhood. Start typing "pro..."
and get horrible results. Amy sees it and makes a scene. Try to call her
but she has blocker the number. Guy needs a miracle.


Part 1: the miracle

We have one item in the inventory: a dumb phone that can only do
one thing, calling Amy, which is not possible as she has blocked us.

1.a) Get net from Scottish fisherman at the docks.
Suggest that a fishing net is the easy way, not something
real fishermen do. Make him pretend that the only reason he
uses it is because the fishes in thr bay have been accustomed
to food remains from fancy pear restaurants and that they won't
accept regular bait. Remark that this is a beautiful yet suspect
story. He responds that his storytelling skills got him crowned
in a contest in Cumbria. Ask whether he means the liar world
championship. He answers that the lie contest is in North Cumbria
not to be confused with his in South Cumbria. Make him admit that
we can give him good bait, he will not need the net anymore.
Exchange the worm against the net.

1.b) Getting the worm from the farm.
The worm is very interested in salads. Whenever we try to take
it, it hides itself in the ground too quickly. Remark that we will
not be able to pick it until it is still.
If we try to give it a lettuce cracker not soaked in beer,
he eats it but it does not help. Says that we should try to season
it with something else to make it sleepy.
If we try to pour beer from the kitchen towel directly onto
the salad, refuse and argue that the farmer will not let us pour
some random liquid on his vegetables.
Give it the beer soaked lettuce cracker to get it tipsy and pick it.

1.c) At the pub, ask the bartender why she keeps wiping the counter.
She answers that she takes correspondance karate clases from a
Mr Myagi, and that wiping the counter is the next best thing to
polish a car. Ask her what's on tap. While she looks away, steal
the kitchen towel, which is a bit soaked in beer.

1.d) Talk the evil queen. Compliment her on how fit she looks.
Say that you would not expect beautiful women like her to be
a place like a pub with alcohol and unhealthy snacks. She answers
that she has in fact made a deal (because women must help each
other) with the bartender to have her
private reserve of lettuce crackers handmade by a French chef,
harder to find than Cuban cigars. She offers to let us try since
we are so nice. Go ask the bartender and get a pack of lettuce
crackers.

1.e) Getting the rope
Ask the girl what she would exchange her rope for. She wants
a vanilla ice cream. Give her the ice cream to get the rope.

1.f) Getting the vanilla ice cream
Ask Alfredo if he has any vanilla ice cream. He answers
that he is working on a revolutionary recipe that will amaze
the world by the audacious simplicity of its aromatic range:
Bourbon vanilla infused in fresh farm milk from local producers
casted in a subtle chocolate crust pinned on a piece of wood
from sustainable forest management. He says that its avant-premiere
batch is reserved for influencers in exchange for reviews. "So,
if we give a good review, then we can taste the product ? Sure, that
sounds totally fine."
Give the review to get an ice cream

1.g) Get the review
Use the six pence coin to jam the popcorn machine. Tell
the cashier so he closes the cinema to go repair it.
Take the review. If we try to take the review when the cashier
is there, the cashier complains.

1.h) Getting the six pence coin
Talk to the Brian guy. He says that he really
wants to become more like his idol both in science and
music but that he struggles with the science and that
he would need help learning about these zodiacal stuffs.
He is willing to trade help for a 3D printed replica of
the guitar pick used by his idol. "So just a six pence ?"
He says that the replicas look so real that he accidentally
used one in a vending machine and jammed it.
Give him the book about astronomy and gardening to get the coin.

1.i) Getting the astronomy book
Ask the farmer what he is waiting for. He wants to try some
new approach to farming. So he waits for rain and he also
needs to pick up the astronomy gardening book he has ordered
at the pharmacy. When we ask him why not using the well, he says
that there was a regrettable pollution incident that made the
well water improper for farming. An inspector from the department
of fraudaulent subvention claims accidentally fell with his electric
scooter in the well and the lithium battery polluted the water
which is an ecological catastrophe. This stuff is dangerous, after
all it's used in fireworks. "And the guy ?" "It was a true miracle
that he managed to escape before more harm would come to him."

Offer to pick the book for him and he gives
us a receipt for it. Give the receipt to the pharmacist to
get the book.

1.j) Get the magnet
At the arcade, ask the manager about the broken machine.
He says he's waiting for the repair guy. Pretend to be the repair guy
by giving the name we have learnt from the little girl. Use the
screwdriver to open the machine and take the hard drive. Ask the
blacksmith if he can hammer it to crack it open. Take the magnet.

1.k) Get the screwdriver
When discussing with the farmer, learn about the pollution in the well.
Offer to help and get the crank. Use the crank on the well. The mechanism
is rusty and needs some grease. Use some free sample of the oil
sorbet from the ice to grease it. Use the crank to get the electric
scooter. Take the lithium battery out of it. Put it in the fire at the forge.
The blacksmith goes to search for a foam extinguisher. Steal the screwdriver.
The blacksmith then comes back.

1.l) Learn the name of the repair guy
When talking to the little girl, we learn that she is gifted child
preparing a Master degree in electronics and that she has a summer internship
in a hardware support company, to repair stuffs. When asking about the jumping
rope, we learn that she is not a child playing but that she is in fact training
to improve her footwork for an upcoming chessboxing competition.

1.m) Catch the drone
Discuss with the biker about his cold. He says that the pharmacist has
some medicine for him but that he cannot go to get it as he is on duty.
Offer to pick it for him, but he refuses, saying that this is some
very special herbs and that he prefers to take care of it himself.
After we have learnt from the arcade guy that the pharmacist won a drone
and uses it for delivering prescriptions, mention it to the biker.
He agrees to let us talk to the pharmacist to deliver the package with
his drone. The drone arrives at the pub but stays in the air.
Use the net to catch it.

1.n) Get coins
Learn from the robot cop that no human is allowed to take coins from the fountain
as all coins are considered by law to be donations to Cybernetics Orphan Charity. 
Combine the drone, the rope and the magnet. The drone needs to be reprogrammed
to abey us. It asks for a password. Let's brag
about the weakness of the security question to recover the password. "Let's
social engineer it, baby !". The question is "What was the north longitude of the
spot where your tenth wife fell tragically overboard, like
the previous nine ones, equally unprepared for nightly nautical
activities ?" Say that there is no way we can get an answer to that question
without raising suspicion from who is clearly a serial killer. Click on "Cancel".
It works. "Someone cut corners on testing...". Use the drone to fish coins.
The robot says hi to the drone.

1.o) Get the lamp
To get the lamp, we need to win the tournament by getting the highscore
on Evil Spell.

1.p) Make the djinn appear
Talk to Alfredo and learn that he has not always been a chef. He has had
many jobs, including a brief period as transmission officer in the army
where he failed miserably to translate Morse code without speaking with
his hands. Repeat Morse message to Alfredo to get the translation of
the message and learn the magic formula. "If it's anything like in the movies,
there is gonna be smoke. I better get to a place where there will be space."
We arrive automatically at the dock and say the formula. The djinn comes
out and we can talk to it to get a wish. Have multiple joke wishes, including
one about character death with a joke about the Holy Book of Ron that says
characters should never die.



Part 2: the ring

Go to the jewellery. Learn how much money is needed for the ring.
Go the bank. Learn about m-coin and the italian startup. Go the restaurant.
Talk to Don Aldo to learn about 'Mining Analog Flows Of Input Association'.
Get a shady assignment completed to earn some m-coins.

The assignment is to help a guy at some address, but the address is unreadable. Once the
assignment is given, Don Aldo pretends he doesn't know anything about
it and won't help with the address. Go the pharmacy to have the address
deciphered by the pharmacist.

The guy is a farmer that needs you to give him a "business growth hacking device",
i.e. a bomb to get rid of a neighbour's barn. Th explosive is
dioxyphenylethanolisopropylamine. The recipe to make it is a McGyver one: chewing-gum,
makeup powder, fat-free yogurt, etc.


Take package from circus (juggler, monkey, acrobats on the teeterboard).


Go to the bank with the m-coins. Learn that the currency went down.
Learn about Business Disability Act that could re-boost the value of the m-coin
business.

Give chili drink/food to dog. Take him to pee on the street lamp next to the
restaurant to fragilize it. Use dominoes to make it fall. Call insurance
to fill a claim for the business disability act. Go to bank to cash in the
m-coins that are now worth a lot. Buy the ring.


ideas:
- monk
- blacksmith
- gym
- landscape with cascade
- chinese master
- pig
- goat
- fox
- dynamite (mafia assignment ?)
- monkey
- helicopter
- juggler
- acrobats on teeterboard
- skater
- hocker player
- owl
- scooter
- blind man
- birthday cake
- ballerina (movie poster ?)
- crane

